README.md, before:

# Enable repo branch protection

## Introduction
  This script can be used to enable branch protection rule for all the public repositories in your organization

### Pre-requisites
 - bash
 - curl
 - jq
 
### Input parameters
 - OrganizationName
 - API token having owner/admin permissions on the target repositories
 - branchName(optional). defaults to 'main'
 - githubApiUrl(optional). defaults to 'https://api.github.com'
 
### What does the script do?
 - Fetches the list of repositories for the organization
 - Sets the branch protection rules for the specified branch

### Benefits:
 - Ensures the changes being pushed to the repositories goes through a right review/approval process
 - Better control of changes being pushed
 - Improved code quality and reliability

### Steps to follow
#### Option A: Run locally(tested on Mac)
 1. Clone the repo in your local
 2. Open /rules/protection-rule.json and make required changes to the rules. More details can be found in Github documentation [here](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/branches#update-branch-protection)
 3. Execute the shell script as below \
    `enable-repo-branch-protection.sh <OrganizationName> <Token>`

#### Option B: Run using Github Actions
 1. On github ui, go to [repository](https://github.com/riteshjkeloth/enable-repo-branch-protection)
 2. Click on [Actions](https://github.com/riteshjkeloth/enable-repo-branch-protection/actions)
 3. Click on 'Enable repo branch protection' workflow under 'All workflows' on the left
 4. On the right, Click on 'Run workflow' button, it will bring up input requested parameter values
 5. Click on 'Run workflow'
 6. This will run the Jobs configured in the github worklow.

### Contact
 - Ritesh Keloth

Commit message:

filter based on created_at date[ci skip]

README.md, after:

# Enable repo branch protection

## Introduction
  A simple solution, easy to understand & maintain that can be used to enable branch protection rule for all the public repositories in your Github organization. Best suited if you have several existing repositories which do not have branch protection rules enabled.

### Pre-requisites
 - bash
 - curl
 - jq
 
### Input parameters
 - OrganizationName
 - API token having owner/admin permissions on the target repositories
 - FROM Date. This is used to filter repos created after this Date. `yyyy-mm-dd`
 - branchName(optional). defaults to 'main'
 - githubApiUrl(optional). defaults to 'https://api.github.com'
 
### What does the script do?
 - Fetches the list of repositories for the organization created after the input FromDate
 - Sets the branch protection rules for the specified branch(default 'main')

### Benefits:
 - Ensures the changes being pushed to the repositories goes through a right review/approval process
 - Better control of changes being pushed
 - Improved code quality and reliability

### Steps to follow
#### Option A: Run locally(tested on Mac)
 1. Clone the repo in your local
 2. Open /rules/protection-rule.json and make required changes to the rules. More details can be found in Github documentation [here](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/branches#update-branch-protection)
 3. Execute the shell script as below \
    `enable-repo-branch-protection.sh <OrganizationName> <Token>`

#### Option B: Run using Github Actions
 1. On github ui, go to [repository](https://github.com/riteshjkeloth/enable-repo-branch-protection)
 2. Click on [Actions](https://github.com/riteshjkeloth/enable-repo-branch-protection/actions)
 3. Click on 'Enable repo branch protection' workflow under 'All workflows' on the left
 4. On the right, Click on 'Run workflow' button, it will bring up input requested parameter values
 5. Click on 'Run workflow'
 6. This will run the Jobs configured in the github worklow.

### Contact
 - Ritesh Keloth
